# mam900-610CDM.github.io

Blog 5 Brief Description: Originally I had planned to ask a series of friends questions about their personal lives (in the script attached). However that didn't go as planned and I encountered the problem of my friends trying their very hardest to make this project as difficult as humanly possible. There were few questions asked, however the answers are quite memorable. I plan to add the question as a an on screen edit to provide context for some statements. Also (warning), this audio is highly raw and contains some "choice words" which I plan to use effects to "bleep" out as I think more than 1 will be excessive. Something to note is that originally I was unsure of how to bring laughter into this project but after putting this start together I think this best illustrates how we bring laughter and joy to each other. What I take from this is that when you ask good friends for help thry'll usually help you, but when you ask great friends they'll come up with a unique way to help. However it will create memories of the ideation process that will last a lifetime and I think that's what this narrative displays. (Professor please don't kick me out of school, I will edit wherever necessary to make it more appropriate for class purposes if needed).

Bleep Sound Effect from <a href="https://pixabay.com/?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=music&utm_content=41488">Pixabay</a>

Clown Music by <a href="https://pixabay.com/users/kamaleshsiddu-21599688/?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=music&utm_content=14284">Kamalesh Siddu</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com/music//?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=music&utm_content=14284">Pixabay</a>