Audio Narrative: 
Author's Statement: Originally I had planned to ask a series of friends questions about their personal lives (in the script attached). However that didn't go as planned and I encountered the problem of my friends trying their very hardest to make this project as difficult as humanly possible. There were few questions asked, however the answers are quite memorable.

Also (warning), this audio is highly raw and contains some "choice words" which I plan to use effects to "bleep" out as I think more than 1 will be excessive. Something to note is that originally I was unsure of how to bring laughter into this project but after putting this start together I think this best illustrates how we bring laughter and joy to each other. What I take from this is that when you ask good friends for help thry'll usually help you, but when you ask great friends they'll come up with a unique way to help. 

However it will create memories of the ideation process that will last a lifetime and I think that's what this narrative displays. (Professor please don't kick me out of school, I will edit wherever necessary to make it more appropriate for class purposes if needed).

As to how I intend to address the audience, I hope that this brings you some joy and gives you some insight into how I interact with the people closest to me. I know it may be unconvential but this was their real response to my asking for help and I think it shows that we are close enough to the point that all of us can be silly or stupid with one another especially when it comes to an assignment with a large amount of creative freedom. This is not in any way to say that I didn't take this seriously, I indeed edited and re-recorded some parts of the few questions I got in and added proper effects. I think that I completed this assignment in a way that was perhaps unexpected but I believe it still fits the criteria. These interactions and ones like them are a core part of my friendships with people I don't get to see very often (it's been about six months) and it means a lot to be able to show a dumb side of my life with people who hopefully won't judge me too harshly. Thank you and enjoy.